Red is greener than purple, for sure.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I want more detailed information.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.